#Miscellaneous:
1. Crack and Hack - Converted the Md5 hash and got the password as 12345678. Now went to mess portal and logged in using hacker@iitgn.ac.in and password as 12345678. found roll number and then put that roll number on irp website as a path. I learned that simple passwords like 12345678 are very easy to crack.
2. Find Me - Went to website, went to inspect, elements and jsut filtered for keyword "flag". BOOM FOUND IT !! 
3. Find Me the flag - There were two files Maybe_Helper.pdf and Organiser-Modified.bmp. Now I used OpenStego and found that bmp file was password protected too. Even the pdf file was password protected. I tried using John the ripper to Crack the password by creating a pass_hash.txt. Now I bruteforced all possible 7 alphabet combinations using hashcat and my BEAST GPU :). Found the password, opened pdf file and found a SHA256 key. The SHA256 key was the password for bmp file which gave me flag.txt file.
   Problems faced : The main problem faced was that I was using windows machine and getting John the ripper to work was a trouble. Even Kali Linux on my virtual box was crashing. So I installed WSL and used john the ripper. I learned how easy it is to bruteforce.
5. ~predict_the_future~ astrotalk - TOTPs work on a very simple mechanism of the current time, timestep and the SHA encryption type. Now I learnt and studied how TOTPs work and after doing that applied basic logic. There can be either 15s, 30s ...... multiple of 15s timesteps. and the 5 set of consecutive OTPs can be of any timestep at any timestamp throughout the year. We have to reepeat this process for the most common SHA encrytpion types - SHA1, SHA256 and SHA512. Now I wrote  python program to check each timestep for each SHA encryption throughout the year and find where do the 5 consecutive OTPs exist. After that I just got the next 5 OTPs. I learnt how TOTPs actually work.
   Problems Faced - The question was incorrect for 8 hours unfortunately :(((
6. Strategies that date back more than a millenium - Went to complaint portal........found two base64 encoded strings in html file using inspect which were hidden. Then decoded those base64 strings got 2 lichess links. Exported the two pgn datas of the chess games. Searched on google for chess encryption, chess steganography etc, and found a github repo link, downloaded it to my local system and found two codes decoder.py and encoder.py Using these and I decoded the moves, chess moves and found the text.
7. Benedict_and_William - In Linux operating systems, Line ends with \n whereas in windows it ends with \r\n. Exploiting this I found which lines were changed by running a python code.
8. legos to logos - Flag was hidden in meta data. Just had to open image in notepad.
9. 
